#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= News =

  * 5 April 2013 - A paper on the mission of the jBPT library will be published at [http://www.pros.upv.es/index.php/en/call-for-papers-caise2013/caise-forum CAiSE Forum]. The paper can be downloaded [http://eprints.qut.edu.au/59637/ here].
  * 31 March 2013 - Published an [https://code.google.com/p/jbpt/downloads/detail?name=UntanglingsExperiment.zip experiment] on the reduction-based construction of representative untanglings of net systems.
  * 28 January 2013 - jBPT version 0.2.363 released. The new release includes more tests, as well as new functionality on runs and state space of Petri net systems, and an implementation of an algorithm for computation of minimal distances between all vertices of a directed graph.
  * 1 November 2012 - jBPT version 0.2.348 released; from now on with documentation.
  * 1 November 2012 - jBPT is now split into several modules. The inter-module dependencies are configured for both Maven and Eclipse.
  * 19 September 2012 - jBPT version 0.2.314 released. Twice more functionality in the twice smaller library!
  * 18 September 2012 - jBPT is now prepared for Eclipse to be imported either as a Maven or as standard Java project. Please never check in your local .classpath and/or .project file. 
  * 29 August 2012 - Visit jBPT at Ohloh. https://www.ohloh.net/p/jbpt
  * 31 July 2012 - jBPT is a Maven project from now on, see DeveloperGuide for details
  * 19 June 2012 - jBPT goes in the core of APROMORE project by underpinning the canonical format, and with RPST implementation used for version control and clone detection.
  * 14 June 2012 - From now on jBPT is made available under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License 3.